Last Lecture Reflection
	The part of this lecture I took the most interest in, what stuck with me the most, is the sections Randy Pausch spends going over all his childhood dreams. Now this is not to say I can completely relate to it. I’m defiantly not funding my college education through hockey, but I am funding it though my hard work. I’ve yet to write a book. There was times I wanted to be a veterinarian or teacher or councilor but they never really stuck for long. 
	I think the main reason childhood dreams was the main section to stick with me was because I didn’t have a whole lot of them. As a kid I always just did my thing, or was so caught in the moment I didn’t think about ‘when I grow up I wanna be…” Somewhere along the way, however, I did find things that have always been with me, even if I never realized to the point of making a list like Randy Pausch. I decided I wanted to do something, no matter how hard or bizarre they are, and I’ve been working to do it. 
	Now, I think that was one of the points Pausch was trying to get at. They could be your childhood dreams or adult dreams but at some point you just have to decide you’re going to find a way to do it. 
	Something else I found incredible about the lecture was watching and learning who Pausch surrounded himself with. He never let his goals, big or small, deter from his belief that you need people around you; that the most important thing you can teach is to reflect on yourself with other people. The picture of his students when he said you could tell if a world was going to be good or not by the body language of the group. All were points that I think people have forgotten recently. I’ve always struggled in groups, not because I was stuck in some strange power struggle to be the best or whatnot, but just because social interactions like that can be really hard. Pausch talking about, and making that an important part of his teaching, really stood out to me for that reason. 
	It also stood out to me because, like I said, I feel its being forgotten. It’s something that in today’s world can be really easy to forget. Classes are online. People are working remote. There is more technology that can do things for you so you never have to interact. Now, I am not saying those are bad things. In fact, I think Randy Pausch would be pretty amazed by it all…How far technology, media arts, and their accessibility have come. However, I do wonder if that would overrule the disappointment in the community aspect of it. 
	I also can’t help but wonder if this view is subjective to me. I’ve spent a lot of time moving around and I’ve spent a lot of time in a lot of different communities. Due to this I do know there are close groups that have known each other for years and work on incredible project together. I know there are towns where everyone feels some fealty or loyalty to one another because of where they live. Nevertheless, one thing I know is that the hardest communities to get into are those that are online, those that work in hyper specific fields. 
	I think the main thing I’m taking away from the lecture is, it’s okay to do everything! Even if its harder to find a community. Even if things seem impossible. Its okay to be more than one thing.  
